docs(web-modeler): document changes in authentication methods for configured clusters (#5407)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/announcements-release-notes/870/870-release-notes.md

- User tokens are used for deployments instead of machine-to-machine (M2M) tokens generated from a client ID and secret.
- You no longer need to enter a client ID and secret in the deploy modal. Instead, simply choose a cluster (or stage for process applications) and deploy.

:::note

> The simplified deployment experience is not supported when [Microsoft Entra ID is used as OIDC provider](../../../../self-managed/setup/guides/connect-to-an-oidc-provider/?authPlatform=microsoftEntraId#configuration).

Reviewer: We could link to the announcement here, but optional.

Author: I added a link.

- User tokens are used for deployments instead of machine-to-machine (M2M) tokens generated from a client ID and secret.
- You no longer need to enter a client ID and secret in the deploy modal. Instead, simply choose a cluster (or stage for process applications) and deploy.

:::note
The simplified deployment experience is not supported when [Microsoft Entra ID is used as OIDC provider](/self-managed/setup/guides/connect-to-an-oidc-provider.md?authPlatform=microsoftEntraId#configuration).

> You still need to enter a client ID and secret in this case.
> We plan to [add support in Camunda 8.8](../870-announcements/#deprecated-web-modeler-cluster-authentication-oauth-and-client_credentials-self-managed).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Support is targeted for [Camunda 8.8](../870-announcements/#deprecated-web-modeler-cluster-authentication-oauth-and-client_credentials-self-managed).
```

Author: Wouldn't it make sense to keep this sentence?
> You still need to enter a client ID and secret in this case.

Reviewer 2: I've got no strong opinion here, I'm also fine with keeping it.
